I do not know why there's like a weird
like dream blur thing around this but
it's there and I can't get rid of it
so I'm just going to make this video
with it and you're gonna deal with it
okay um I'm wanting to make a video
about what it's like to be a pizza
delivery driver for pizza because that
is my new job those of you who don't
know because I haven't made a vlog in
forever personally like right now it's
one of the best jobs I've had because
it's super laid back and I was worried
because my ex roommate said he hated
this job so evidently it is very like
different to other people but um it's
cool I work um five until whenever I get
done which is tonight it was like eleven
sometimes it's 11:30 sometimes it's a
little earlier I just kind of go to
whenever I'm done um and what you do you
go in you get your bank which is like
the change you give back people and
check the list and see what orders there
are and then whenever it's your turn cuz
it'll show up on a screen there all the
other drivers there you just wait for
your turn and you dispatch the order and
take it and then go deliver it and I was
worried about not knowing where
everything is in the town but they let
you use your phone for a GPS so that's
fine and if you can't find it still
there is a phone number for them on the
receipt that you can call and be like
hey where's your house so that's also
cool um and I haven't had my pizza
wasn't here in 30 minutes so it's free
which I don't even think it's Pizza Huts
thing but everyone seems to think it is
yeah also I don't know if this is with
all Pizza Hut's but it's my Pizza Hut
you get like half off of anything you
order like I ordered a medium pizza and
trunklid Eggers today and it was like
nine bucks so that's cool and you get to
drive your own car you just have to put
a little topper on it and I'd rock out
to my industrial rave music while I go
home deliver pizzas awesome they pay for
your gas they do pay for your gas like
you write down your starting milah
and then you write down your ending
mileage and you go give it to them and
then they give you the money for your
gas so if you're worried about not
making enough money because you have to
pay for gas don't worry about it because
they'll pay for it also I thought they
paid more than they do the one I work
out you only get paid 725 an hour but
that's okay because you make a lot int
it's like one day I made almost $70 in
tips which is a lot and we've had a lot
of drivers here lately so I made like 20
bucks yesterday and probably about 30
today
that's okay cuz I like evens out like
one lady cuz I was talking about getting
a second job so she was talking to me
about her money and she says that with
her tips and everything and how long she
works there she kind of um averages out
at 20 bucks an hour so that's really
good when you count into tips just make
sure you're not like me and you don't
spend them right away the next day put
um in a savings account I'm trying to do
that and I'm really bad about it and you
can do direct deposit or you can do um a
card that they give you to pay you on if
that matters to anybody I'm just trying
to be as thorough as I can in case
somebody is looking at the job it's a
cool job and when you don't have orders
then you fold boxes or you make dough
there's a list of dough and they'll show
you how to do it you just like spray the
pans put the dough on and then put it in
the cooler it's super easy and at the
end you sometimes do dishes but a lot of
people do dishes so it's not really that
big of a deal and you take out the trash
mop the floors all that it's really not
that big of a deal it's awesome and I
like it I love being able to like leave
the work space and do whatever I want
and another thing where I work anyway
you don't get like legit breaks like
you're not scheduled for this break at
this time but like if you get hungry or
you need to check your phone or
something you can just go off in the
corner and do it which I like because at
normal jobs I will like compulsively
count down the minutes until my break or
until my lunch or whatever and it makes
the day a lot longer and when you're not
worrying about it and when you can just
like run off and use the bathroom I get
a bite to eat or something whenever it's
it makes your day go by a lot faster and
you're not worried about it all the time
because you know that you can just do it
whenever I like that a lot and you can
order food while you're working and then
just wait for the get done and go in the
corner I need it it's super simple
the people are cool at least where I
work there really - its laid-back but
not too laid-back you're not gonna go to
there and like slack you do your job but
it's cool this is the uniform would you
sure you get a hat and if you're doing a
waitress job or something then you don't
get a hat and you get like a red shirt
but other than that they're the same
yeah I had you wear um oh and piercings
I have my nose Reagan which my place is
okay with but other places might not be
okay with I have snake bites I can't
wear those um I had an industrial which
I let close I see a lot of people
wearing jewelry here but you're not
supposed to have any piercings then if
that's the problem for you but like this
one here is newer um and I don't want it
to close up but that's fine because like
I'll go to do a delivery and I go in my
car and just stick one in real quick to
make sure that it doesn't close and take
it back out so if that's a problem don't
worry about it and then you get a shirt
and normally you get a name tag I
haven't got mine yet I think they forgot
about me um you get a shirt I like the
shirts actually and then you get I'm
going to be really weird on this camera
you get an apron it's got three pockets
here I usually put my pink I put like my
gum or pens or whatever and cheese and
stuff in here and then um I felt like
all my extra stuff in here this is my
tips to tonight oh say hello to my kitty
and then you have to wear black socks
and black non-slip shoes it's pretty
simple and it is a lot better than the
uniforms at other places like I cannot
stand Safeways the uniforms are cool oh
and you have to wear your hair up which
I have a button but you can't see it
because I cut a bunch of my hair off
because I tried to cut my hair again and
I need to stop doing that
Oh what else about my job ah I can't
think of anything but if you're wanting
to apply for that job I seriously
recommend it because it's laid back it's
easy it's fun and you get cheap pizza so
it's a cool job so if you're thinking
about working for Pizza Hut as a
delivery driver I say go for it because
I really like it and if you have any
questions just leave a comment on the
video and I will get back to you alright
thank you
Wow